Add English version of the reviewer guide (#1)
pycontw/reviewer-guidebook: reviewer-guide.en.md

# Proposal Review Process

In PyCon TW, our proposal review process is based on **Two Round** review.

> Please login PyCon TW website to review, and we **WILL NOT** reveal your identity in the whole review process.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please login to PyCon TW website to review, and we **WILL NOT** reveal your identity in the whole review process.
```

### First Round

> - Review all proposal, give rating & comments.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Review proposals, give votes & comments.
```

我覺得這裡（包含中文的原文）有點誤導審稿者以為每個人都要審過所有的稿件

Author: 所以是一個 subset 而已？

Reviewer 2: 如果投稿的內容是不懂的領域就不用刻意審

> - Others reviewer's comments, speaker's (the author) name, and speaker's experience is not visible. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Other reviewer's comments, speaker's (the author) name, and speaker's experience are masked. 
```

>   **In other words, this round only rating by the content**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  **In other words, give votes based only on content**
```

> - After first round, we will accept some proposal.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- After first round, we will accept some proposals.
```

> ### Modify Stage

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Modification Stage
```

> - Author can view the comments (anonymous) that leaved in first round.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Author can view the comments that reviewers anonymously left during first round.
```

> - **Author can modify their proposal in this stage**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Authors can modify their proposals in this stage**
```

> - Their will be no review in this stage.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- There will be no review activities during this stage.
```

### Second Round

> - The proposal that accept in first round will go into second round after the modify stage.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Proposals those were not directly accepted from the first round will go into second round.
```

Author: 所以是 first stage only +1s 就會直接入選，如果有 +1 以外的就會進入 modification, 然後進入 second round, 如果 second round 還是有 +1s 以外的就會被淘汰嗎？

Reviewer 2: only +, at least one +1: 入選
only -, at least one -1: 淘汰

第二階段就是看狀況了，應該沒有硬性規範

> - Please recheck the proposal that you reivew in first stage, and review the proposal **again** based on the modified version.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Please recheck the proposals that you've reviewed in first stage, and review the proposal **again** based on the modified version.
```

> - If you didn't update your rating or comments, or at least entering the same rating or comments, **your rating given in first round will not be taken into consideration**. (Except which didn't modifiy in the modify stage)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If you didn't update your vote and comment, or at least entering the same vote and comment, **your vote given in first round will not be taken into consideration**. (Except ones didn't change in the modification stage)
```

> - Now you can view **the information of the author**, and **other reviewers' rating and comments (anonymous)**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Now you can view **the information of the author**, and **other reviewers' votes and comments (anonymous)**
```

> - After the end of this round, it will determine the accepted proposal. If the accepted proposal is insufficient or exceed the total number, the Program Committee will make the decision.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- After the end of this round, acceptance of proposals will be determined. If the number of accepted proposals is insufficient or exceeding, Program Committee has the right to decide.
```

### Review Announcement

> After review, we will email the second round rating and comments to authors. If you don't want to announce your rating & comments, please check the box of "cancel sending comments" optino.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After review, we will email the second round votes and comments to authors. If you don't want to disclose your votes & comments, please change the "Disclose comment to proposal submitter" field to "No".
```

> # Review Notices

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Notice
```

> + Given **constructive comments** can help the review process, and help author in the modify stage.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
+ Giving **constructive comments** is helpful for the review process, and helps author in the modification stage.
```

> + When rating, please put yourself into author's shoes,  refer to [《How to Propose a Talk》](https://tw.pycon.org/2018/en-us/speaking/talk/) about good ideas and bad ideas as judging criteria. We also welcome our reviewer to give us more advice for how to distinguish good and bad ideas in the proposal.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
+ When rating, please put yourself into author's shoes, refer to [《How to Propose a Talk》](https://tw.pycon.org/2018/en-us/speaking/talk/) about good ideas and bad ideas as judging criteria. We also welcome reviewers to give us more advice on how to distinguish good and bad ideas for proposals.
```

> + Please based on **Python Level** of the proposal to rating and comments.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
+ Please vote and comment according to **Python Level** of the proposal.
```

For Python Level, please refer to [《How to Choose the Python Level》](https://tw.pycon.org/2018/en-us/speaking/talk/)。

> + Although we are the reviewer, accept or not is our rating standard. But for PyCon TW, is not only accept or not, but also to enpower the community. Please judge as **how to make the proposal better**, not as a judger to judge in a sentence or not.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
+ Although accepting or rejecting is our standard as reviewers, but for PyCon TW, it's not only about accepting and rejecting, but also to foster the community. Please judge in a mindset of **how to make the proposal better**, not just yes or no.
```

> + Even the review process is anonymous, we should respect author and follow PyCon TW [Code of Conduct](https://tw.pycon.org/2018/en-us/about/code-of-conduct//).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
+ Even though the review process is anonymous, we should respect author and follow PyCon TW [Code of Conduct](https://tw.pycon.org/2018/en-us/about/code-of-conduct//).
```

> # Review Detail

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Details
```

> + Proposal language have: English talk, Chinese talk with English slide, Chinese talk with Chinese slide, Taiwanese Hokkien. When author choose to use **English talk**, please use english to comments.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
+ Language options for proposals are: English talk, Chinese talk with English slides, Chinese talk with Chinese slides and Taiwanese Hokkien. When an author choose to do **English talk**, please use English to comment.
```

> # Rating and Accept mechanism

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Voting and Acceptance mechanism
```

> ### Rating

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Voting
```

> Rating only have four level: -1, -0, +0, +1.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are four different vote options: -1, -0, +0, +1.
```

> Each rating level's meaning:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each vote option's meaning is as follows:
```

> * **-1**：Strong Reject    This **SHOULD NOT** be in PyCon

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **-1**：Strong Reject    This **SHOULD NOT** be in PyCon TW
```

* **-0**：Weak Reject
* **+0**：Weak Accept

> * **+1**：Strong Accept    This **SHOULD** be in PyCon

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **+1**：Strong Accept    This **SHOULD** be in PyCon TW
```

> ### Accept mechanism

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Acceptance mechanism
```

Author: Acceptance Mechanism

Reviewer 2: 寫 Acceptance 就夠了啦

> When each round ends, some of the proposal will be reject or accept, the standard is:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When each round ends, some of the proposal will be rejected or accepted, the standard is:
```

> * **Reject**：one or more -1, no any +0, +1

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **Reject**：one or more -1s, no +0s or +1s
```

> * **Accept**：one or more +1, no any -0, -1

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **Accept**：one or more +1s, no -0s or -1s
```

Here are some examples:
* **Talk #1** Rejected
  -1, -0, -0, -0, -1

> * **Talk #2** Do nothing, moved to stage #2

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **Talk #2** Do nothing, proceed to second round
```

  -1, -0, -0, +0
* **Talk #3** Accepted
  +1, +0, +1, +0, +0, +0, +0

> * **Talk #4** Do nothing, moved to stage #2

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **Talk #4** Do nothing, proceed to second round
```

  -1, +1, -0, -0

# Q & A

> **Q**: If in some reason, I may know or I may guess out some proposal's author. In the first round, this may cause some conflict of interest, do I qualify to review this proposal?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Q**: If for some reason, I may know or guess the author of a proposal. In the first round, this may cause some conflict of interest, do I qualify to review this proposal?
```

> **A**: Briefly speaking, yes, you can review these proposals. This kind of problem is common in the science journal, even if they can guess the author, they still will review these paper. Anyway, you can 100% sure about the author of the proposal, and sometime their will have the coincidence.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**A**: Briefly speaking, yes, you can review these proposals. This kind of problem is common in review processes of science journals, even if they can guess the author, they still will review those paper.  Anyways, you cannot 100% sure about the author of a proposal, there can always be a coincidence.
```
